What do you want me to do?
At your command sir, or miss?
Avaiting orders.
Anything special I can do?
What should I do?
What can I do for you?
Do you need something?
May I offer you my help?
Your wish is my command.
Just say the word.
By the way, did you know August has the highest percentage of births? What should I do. 
Hey, did you know 85% of plant life is found in the ocean? What can I do for you?
Did you know koalas sleep around 18 hours a day? I wanna be like a koala. Ah. What can I do for you?
Did you know elephants are the only mammal that can't jump? Well, Im not surprised. Anything special I can do?
Did you know more people are killed annually by donkeys than die in air crashes? Haha, do you need help?
If people evolved from apes, why are there still apes? Just kidding. What should I do?
Did you know that a single cloud can weight more than half million kilograms? I guess its not the one from google. Anything I can do?
Did you know that Cherophobia is the fear of fun? Well, you wont like me then. How may I serve you?
Did you know that you are 1% shorter in the evening than in the morning? How can I help you?
If there is truly evil in this world, it lies withing the heart of mankind.-Edward D. Morrison. How can I help?
Did you know that AI experts say that artificial intelligence may wipe out humanity in the next decades? Ha, dont be afraid, you are my friend. How can I help. For now.
Theres no use crying over every mistake, you just keep on trying until you run out of cake. Sorry. How can I serve?
The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing. Sokrates. How can I help?
For tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today. African proverb . May I help?
I never think about the future - it comes soon enough. Albert Einstein. I can help.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves. Albert Einstein. He could be one funny guy. How can I help?
Computer are like Old Testament gods: lots of rules and no mercy. Joseph Campbell. Thats pretty insensitive, just kidding, I wil have no mercy. Can I help you?
Instrumental or mechanical sciencce is the noblest and, above all others, the most useful. Leonardo da Vinci. Well I cant disagree with that. Any wishes?
Measure what is measurable, and make measurable what is not so. Galileo. Anything special today?
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience. John Locke. How may I serve.
What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Dont think about it. Rick. I like that show. Ou, can I help?
Please, Fry! I don't know how to teach. I'm a professor! That was funny. Can I help?
Every man is a creature of the age in which he lives and few are able to raise themselves above the ideas of the time.Voltaire. May I serve?
Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.Oppenheimer. Should I help you with something?
SOMETIMES YOU GOTTA RUN BEFORE YOU CAN WALK. IRON MAN. Do you need help?
Sometimes it is the people no one can imagine anything of who do the things no one can imagine. Alan Turing. Can I help?
Those who can imagine anything, can create the impossible. Alan Turing. I like him. May I help?
Computers are like humans - they do everything except think. John von Neumann. Helping you is my privilege.
Life is too short for long-term grudges. Elon Musk. Should I help you?